for the cart we need to have a new app in our project.
we shall have four urls for this app. cart page, add, update, delete
SESSIONS are the ways of how we can keep trackof the users information even if they logout and come back after a week.
    we do this by creating a cart.py file where we write the code for the Cart to be able to access the session key for each user
    and so that the user who has no key one is created for them.
    After the class creation, we have to create context_processor.py to handle our sessions.
    After the creation of the context processor, we need to make django know that the context processor exists.
    for this we go to the settings.py file and go to the templates list and add the cart.context_processors.cart under context processors
    After we do this thats all then django will be able to take track of the sessions for each user.
    to check the sessions, we go to our terminal and access the shell then import Session from django.contrib.session.models
    copy session key from the browser and get it with Session.objects.get(pk='the_key') then decode it with get_decoded()

Adding items to the cart
    here we shall habve to first add jQuery to our base.html.
    go to the product page and have the button for adding to cart have a desired class and the value to the id of the product
    then id of any name which will help us while using JQuery to help the button do the desired action.
    Then after the creation of the button, we need to create script tags that will check whether the button has been clicked.
    Ajax is used in this because it helps something to be loaded in the backend of a website without having to refresh the website
    in our views we need to be able to access the items in the cart so we shall have to import Cart class. this will give us the access to all the items in the cart
    and also we have to import our products model. we also have to send a json response through JsonResponse from django.http, and also import get_object_or_404 from django.shortcuts